# Autogenerated dummy classes

Autogenerated [dummy classes][dc].

- Rocket League version: v2.27
- Decompile warnings: 1174

Is a class working incorrect? [Create an issue](https://github.com/ghostrider-05/RL-dummy-classes2/issues/new)

## Getting started

> **Warning** If you already have the [Dummy Classes][dc] installed: remove all classes in `Src` and replace it with an [original installation](https://cdn.ghostrider-05.com/Src.zip) before downloading this version

1. [Download the `Src` folder](https://minhaskamal.github.io/DownGit/#/home?url=https://github.com/ghostrider-05/RL-dummy-classes2/tree/main/Src)
1. Extract the downloaded folder to `UDK/{UDK name}/Development/`
1. Recompile the classes

If preferred, you can also use [svn export](https://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.8/svn.ref.svn.c.export.html) or `git sparse-checkout`.

<details>
<summary>Example commands for git</summary>

### Installing

1. [Install Git](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git) on your system. If you already have Git, you can skip this step.
1. Create a git project and add the autogenerated classes:

```sh
# Change this to your folder where UDK is installed
cd ./UDK/{UDK name}/Development/
git init
git remote add origin https://github.com/ghostrider-05/RL-dummy-classes2
git config core.sparsecheckout true
echo "Src/*" >> .git/info/sparse-checkout
git pull --depth=1 origin main
```

### Updating

To update when new classes are added, run the following commands:

```sh
# Go back to the /Development/ folder
cd ./UDK/{UDK name}/Development/
# Fetch updated classes
git pull --depth=1 origin main
# Recompile classes
cd ../Binaries/Win32/
UDK make -full
```

That's it!

</details>

## Descriptions

Fill the [`descriptions.toml`](./description.toml) configuration with the class descriptions.
When running the CI this file will be merged with the classes to combine the descriptions.

The first class defined is a special class: `_DummyClass`. This will hold some descriptions commonly used in extracting the classes.
Another special class is `_ApplyToAll_DummyClass`.
All properties listed in this class will be applied to all classes that have that property. Specify that property on a class to overwrite the descriptions or set it to empty to remove it.

Descriptions can be defined for:

- `Variables`
- `Structures.{Structure name}`
- `Enums`

Example:

```toml
[MyClass.Variables]
PropertyName="Something interesting"
```

## Replication blocks

> **Warning** These replication statements may not be correct. Please check the official documentation or ask help in the Rocket League mapmaking discord server.

If a class has replicated variables, there will be a `replicated` block at the bottom of the class.

```c++
replicated
{
    if (statementCode) // The replication condition
        Location; // The variables that will be replicated when the condition is true
}
```

If a statement is not known, a comment will be placed behind the default statement.

## Changelog

The [changelog](CHANGELOG.md) will show the difference between an installation of [the dummy classes][dc] at a certain commit (see the description of the changelog) and the autogenerated dummy classes.

You can also fetch the changelog (in JSON) from the GitHub API from the outputted files:

- [kismet.json](/ci/changelog/kismet.json)
- [classes.json](/ci/changelog/classes.json)

[dc]: https://github.com/RocketLeagueMapMaking/RL-dummy-classes

<!-- markdownlint-disable-file MD033 -->
